# Config: plugins

## appBase
The **appBase** plugin isn't really a plugin: it correspond to the `app/` folder. That means that exerything defined here will be generated in `app/`.
For small projects, you won't need to create plugins, and everything will be here.

 * models in `app/Model`
 * controllers in `app/Controller`
 * views in `app/View`
 * and all the menus/files will be generated from this path.

This is set this way to avoid a special section in the configuration file that would contains the same structure as other plugins.

You can define global menus and files here, as global required files (when it will be available).

The default name is appBase, but if you want to change it in order to create a plugin named "appBase", change the name in the plugin list and change the value of `general.appBase` in the configuration file.

## Structure:

### Default structure:
<pre class="syntax yaml">
##
## Default plugin configuration
##
pluginName:
	## Plugin name, human readable
	displayName:
	## Path where the plugin must be built. Most common pathes are 'app::Plugin' or 'plugins'
	path: Plugin
	## A plugin must be generated by default.
	## Setting this to false will make this plugin not to be built, but all items
	## in it (models, controllers, ...) can be used as a reference by other plugins/items.
	generate: true
	## Do the plugin must have routes ?
	## (will be created in <path>/Config)
	haveRoutes: false
	## Do the plugin must have a bootstrap file ?
	## (will be created in <path>/Config
	haveBootstrap: false
	## Parts of the plugin (see help: plugin->parts)
	parts: []
	## Menus for this plugin (see help: plugin->menus)
	menus: []
	## Files for this plugin (see help: plugin->files)
	files: []
	## Required files/folders for this plugin (see help: plugins->required)
	required: []
	## List of options for this plugins. Options defined here will be available in
  ## sub-sections but will be overwroten by sub-sections options.
	options: []
	## Virtual models. To use only in special cases
	virtualModels: []
</pre>

### Minimal plugin definition:
To be valid, a plugin needs at least a "part" section with at least one part in it.
<pre class="syntax yaml">
SimplePlugin:
  parts:
    Posts:
</pre>
This simple plugin will hold a Posts system (*Post* model, *Posts* controllers, and views.
